1. Working with multiple data sets - combining data sets that were not designed
with combination in mind, so lacking foreign keys, having distinct sets of ids,
covering different entities so managing large gaps of data across joins.
This aspect will require a more detailed explanation of how the data was parsed
and loaded, and what preprocessing was necessary to produce one consistent database.

2. Working with a different database engine - We've been using MySQL all semester,
but there are plenty of other database engines out there, not only other versions
of SQL but both relational and non-relational databases that use a different syntax
from SQL. In this aspect part of the project will be to compare and contrast how
basic operations work between the languages, and whether certain tasks are easier
using different tools.

3. Working with multiple different database engines - The separation of front end
and back end means the same application can be run against multiple data sources,
whether they be flat data files, different variants of SQL, or completely different
engines. In this aspect your project will include a comparison between the sources,
both in ease of setup and efficiency of queries.

4. Data manipulation - Rather than just retrieving data from the database, offers
the ability to add, remove, or update items in the database.  May require some
creative thinking for some data sets.  Must motivate why manipulation would be
desired, and offer interaction through the front end.

5. Security - the creation of users and roles to limit access to the data.
Doesn't make sense for all data sets.  May require multiple "versions" of the
application to present different interfaces to the data.

6. Live database - Still requiring an initial database to be set up, something
that either queries or allows for real time updates.  A database focused on
optimizing for fast inserts over searching and querying.

7. Front end frills - presenting the data in a format more involved than just a
table. Displaying the data in graphs or other visualization formats.  Will
generally require the use of one or more libraries to accomplish.

Or, you can suggest your own challenges that you'd like to tackle.  We will narrow
down which of these aspects you want to challenge in your project in an in-person
meeting.

At the end of the semester you will need to submit the following:
1. Database + instructions for installation and loading the data
2. Application + instructions for installation of application software
3. Instructions for how to set up and run the application, what features it provides
4. Write-up document of including what you've learned and the details from some of the challenge aspects
